Cooper: I love helping people
with struggles that everyone
has. There's always someone out
there that is there to help. And
I want to be that person that
helps. My name is Cooper Alls.
I'm at Sky CTC, which is South
Central Kentucky Community and
Technical College. I am studying
information security and
network. Being able to combine
the customer service as well as
being behind the scenes to be
able to help people in their
everyday life, keeping them
safe, the data safe, etc. And
that's what has really drawn me
into information security. Being
online and doing online classes
has always been a great thing
for me being able to have the
flexibility throughout the week.
If I need to go here, I can go
here. If I need to do this, I
can do this instead of having to
be tied down to go to class.
Being able to have a flexible
work life balance has given me a
great opportunity. I really
wanted to be able to get the in
person work experience. I was
able to be a part of the IT
internship that we had here on
campus, which has given me a
great opportunity to have in
person skills of how the
workforce within it come through
be able to get P knowledge base
that I did not get in the
classroom with the real world
experience, as well as get to
know some fabulous people being
able to come here, get my
education and being able to
learn and grow while also being
local to home is amazing.